[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Rossiu: WITH LORDGENOME’S
DEFEAT, HUMANITY WAS FREE TO
COME UP TO THE SURFACE AND
THRIVE.
WHAT ARE LAGANN, THE CORE DRILL,
AND SPIRAL POWER?
WHY DID LORDGENOME TRY TO DRIVE
HUMANITY UNDERGROUND?
ALL THOSE MYSTERIES AND MORE
REMAIN UNSOLVED.
BUT ALL OF US ARE INTENT NOW ON
BUILDING NEW LIVES
FOR OURSELVES.
SO WE FOCUS ON TOMORROW’S HOPES,
NOT YESTERDAY’S LINGERING
QUESTIONS.
ONE OF THE FEW RIDDLES WE DID
SOLVE IS OLD COCO’S
TRUE IDENTITY.
APPARENTLY, HE WAS A BEASTMAN
CREATED TO SERVE AS NIA’S
BUTLER, AND THAT’S WHY HE HAD
ALWAYS LOOKED AFTER HER.
IS IT BECAUSE WE’RE AT PEACE
THAT WE’VE ONLY SOLVED SUCH
TRIVIAL MYSTERIES?
YES, WE HAVE ALL BASKED IN THIS
PEACE FOR SEVEN YEARS,
PRETENDING ALL THE WHILE NOT TO
NOTICE LORDGENOME’S DYING WORDS
GNAWING AWAY AT US FROM
THE INSIDE.
[musical beeps]
[sighs]
>> Simon: HAVE A HEART, ROSSIU.
COME ON.
>> Rossiu: THESE ARE ALL CITIZEN
COMPLAINTS.
THE SEWERS ARE BACKED UP, TAXES
ARE TOO HIGH, NEIGHBORS ARE
TOO NOISY.
IT’S ALL SELF‐CENTERED NONSENSE.
THEY’VE COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN
WHAT LIFE WAS LIKE IN THE PITS.
>> Simon: I THINK THAT’S GREAT.
>> Rossiu: IS IT, THOUGH?
>> Simon: IS SOMETHING
BOTHERING YOU?
>> Rossiu: NO, SIR.
[door chimes]
>> Nia: WELL MET, YOU TWO!
>> Simon: NIA, HEY, WHAT’S UP?
>> Nia: SURPRISE, I MADE YOU
LUNCH!
I’M SORRY, ROSSIU.
I FORGOT TO MAKE A LUNCH
FOR YOU.
I’LL RUSH OUT AND MAKE SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW.
>> Rossiu: NO, THAT’S QUITE
ALL RIGHT.
THERE’S A COUNCIL MEETING
IN 15 MINUTES.
TRY TO FINISH LUNCH BY THEN,
OKAY?
[rocket rumbling]
[cheers]
>> Ron: THIS IS YOUR HUMBLE
LEERON, SCIENCE BUREAU CHIEF!
THE LAUNCH OF OUR MOON PROBE
GUNROCKET WAS COMPLETELY
SUCCESSFUL.
IT’LL ARRIVE AT THE MOON IN JUST
ONE DAY.
>> Rossiu: THAT’S GOOD NEWS.
PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR FORMAL REPORT
LATER TODAY.
>> Ron: OKAY.
FROM LEERON WITH LOVE.
CIAO.
>> Kittan: AW, COME ON.
DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU’RE GONNA
FIND SOMETHING UP THERE, SIMON?
>> Rossiu: ADDRESS HIM AS
SUPREME COMMANDER, LEGAL AFFAIRS
BUREAU CHIEF KITTAN.
>> Kittan: ALL RIGHT.
>> Simon: HE SAID A MILLION
APES.
WHEN THE LAND OVERFLOWS WITH
A MILLION APES, THE MOON SHALL
BECOME HELL’S MESSENGER AND
DESTROY THE WORLD OF THE SPIRAL.
THOSE WERE LORDGENOME’S
DYING WORDS.
THINKING ABOUT IT HASN’T GOTTEN
US ANYWHERE.
WE HAVE TO GO.
AND IF WE DON’T FIND ANYTHING,
NO HARM DONE.
>> Dayakka: YOU KNOW, THIS IS
PRETTY AMAZING.
SEVEN YEARS AGO, WE DIDN’T EVEN
KNOW THE MOON WAS A SATELLITE OF
OUR WORLD.
AND NOW WE’RE CAPABLE OF SENDING
PROBES THERE.
>> Rossiu: CITIZEN AFFAIRS
SECRETARY JORGUN, HOW IS THE
CENSUS PROCEEDING TO DATE?
>> Jorgun: YEAH, ABOUT THAT‐‐
>> Rossiu: THE "MILLION APES" IN
LORDGENOME’S PROPHECY REFERS TO
US HUMANS.
IT IS VITAL THAT WE DETERMINE
WHEN THE PLANET’S POPULATION
WILL REACH 1 MILLION PEOPLE.
AND WE MUST DO IT IMMEDIATELY.
>> Zorthy: TAKE IT EASY, ROSSIU.
IT’S A MISTAKE TO HAVE THESE TWO
TRY AND COUNT ANYTHING MORE THAN
THEIR FINGERS.
>> Rossiu: NO ONE IS SUGGESTING
THEY DO THE COUNT THEMSELVES.
USE THE ORGANIZATION TO DO IT.
>> Zorthy: I’M JUST SAYIN’ THAT
THESE TWO CAN’T HANDLE
A DELICATE JOB LIKE THAT,
ALL RIGHT?
>> Rossiu: YOU KNOW, I WANT TO
KNOW WHY YOU PEOPLE STAY WORKING
IN THE GOVERNMENT.
AT EVERY COUNCIL MEETING,
ALL YOU DO IS KICK BACK!
IS THAT WHAT YOUR JOB IS?
THOSE WHO TOLD US THEY COULDN’T
HANDLE THE JOB AND JUST LEFT
WERE A LOT MORE HONEST!
>> Jorgun: UH, SAY WHAT?
>> Balinbow: SAY WHAT?
>> Simon: GIVE IT A REST,
EVERYONE.
>> Rossiu: IS IT ALL RIGHT IF I
ISSUE ORDERS TO THE CITIZEN
AFFAIRS BUREAU?
>> Simon: GO AHEAD.
[groaning]
RELAX, GUYS.
THERE ISN’T GONNA BE ANY CHANGE
IN YOUR STATUS BECAUSE OF THIS.
WE’RE JUST GONNA LET ROSSIU
OVERSEE THIS ONE.
THAT’S ALL.
>> Jorgun: WHO DOES THAT
BIG SHOT ROSSIU THINK HE IS?
>> Balinbow: WE GOT SOMETHING
TO OFFER!
WE GOT A LOT TO OFFER!
[both growling, chomping]
>> Chief: AH, LOOK AT THESE
TWO FINE NOTABLES OF THE NEW
GOVERNMENT.
NO ONE EATS QUITE LIKE YOU DO.
FEEL FREE TO EAT ALL YOU LIKE!
AFTER ALL, KAMINA AND SIMON, OUR
BELOVED HEROES, BOTH GREW UP
STRONG AND HEALTHY EATING MY
FAMOUS PIG‐MOLE STEAKS!
I RAISED THOSE BOYS AS IF THEY
WERE MY OWN!
[laughs]
>> Kittan: YOU KNOW, WITH HIM
HANGING AROUND, YOU WOULDN’T
NEED TO BE KAMINA TO WANT
TO ESCAPE.
[sighs]
HEY, WHAT’S THE MATTER?
YOU LOOK KINDA BUMMED OUT.
>> Dayakka: HMM.
A MILLION APES, HUH?
>> Kittan: THE SPIRAL KING WAS
JUST MESSING WITH US.
YOU GOTTA TAKE THAT WITH A BIG
GRAIN OF SALT.
>> Zorthy: DUMB‐ASS, HAVE YOU
GONE COMPLETELY CLUELESS?
DAYAKKA’S WORRIED ABOUT HIS KID.
>> Kittan: OH, RIGHT.
IT’S JUST ABOUT DUE.
>> Zorthy: HEY, KITTAN, HOW CAN
YOU BE SO RELAXED ABOUT IT?
YOU’RE JUST ABOUT TO BE
AN UNCLE, MAN.
>> Kittan: IT HASN’T REALLY
SUNK IN YET.
♪ COME TRY THE PIG‐MOLE STEAK ♪
♪ THAT GURREN LAGANN LOVES ♪
♪ YOUR MOUTH WILL WATER ♪
♪ WITH EACH BITE... ♪ ♪
>> Kiyal: HEY, SIS!
YOU WANT THE LAUNDRY OVER HERE?
>> Kiyoh: YEAH, THAT’S FINE.
THANKS.
[doorbell rings]
COMING!
>> Kiyal: I’VE GOT IT!
YOU SIT RIGHT THERE AND RELAX!
[gasps]
HE PROPOSED?
>> Kiyoh: HE PROPOSED?
>> Nia: THAT’S RIGHT.
>> Kiyoh: WELL, WELL, SIMON
FINALLY WENT AND TOOK THE
PLUNGE, DID HE?
>> Nia: THAT’S WHY I CAME FOR
YOUR ADVICE.
>> Kiyal: TELL US, WHAT DID HE
SAY TO YOU?
I HAVE TO KNOW!
[footsteps approach]
>> Simon: IT’S BEAUTIFUL,
ISN’T IT?
>> Nia: WHAT?
>> Simon: THE CITY.
>> Nia: YES.
>> Simon: EVERYONE IS LIVING
HAPPY LIVES UNDER THE SUN.
>> Nia: YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> Simon: MAYBE THE TIME IS
FINALLY RIGHT TO GET OUT.
>> Nia: WHAT?
>> Simon: TIME TO FORGET THAT
WE’RE A PRINCESS AND THE LEADER
OF TEAM GURREN, TO SEE THE SAME
THINGS, HEAR THE SAME SOUNDS,
AND SHARE THE SAME LAUGHS.
MAYBE IT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE
THAT KIND OF LIFE NOW.
MY EYES WOULD BE YOUR EYES,
AND YOUR EARS WOULD BE MY EARS.
MAYBE SOMETHING LIKE THAT WOULD
BE NICE.
>> Nia: WHAT’S THIS?
>> Simon: LET’S GET MARRIED,
NIA.
[sighs]
>> Nia: NO WAY!
>> Kiyoh: YOU MEAN YOU
TURNED HIM DOWN?
>> Nia: THAT’S RIGHT.
>> Kiyal: WHY DID YOU GO AND
DO THAT?
>> Nia: HMM?
WELL, I THOUGHT THAT MAYBE TWO
PEOPLE REALLY COULDN’T BECOME
THE SAME PERSON.
>> Kiyal: OH, BROTHER.
>> Kiyoh: YES, THAT’S TRUE.
BUT THAT’S BASICALLY WHAT
MARRIED COUPLES ARE.
ANYWAY, HE ONLY MEANT IT
AS A FIGURE OF SPEECH.
>> Kiyal: SIS, BE CAREFUL WITH
THE BABY!
>> Kiyoh: SIMON, THE BOY WHO’S
ONLY GOOD AT DIGGING TUNNELS AND
FIGHTING IN GURREN LAGANN, SPENT
SEVEN YEARS TRYING TO GET THOSE
WORDS OUT!
SO WHAT ABOUT YOU, NIA?
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT HIM?
>> Nia: HOW DO I FEEL ABOUT HIM?
>> Kiyoh: YES, IT’S IMPORTANT
WHAT THE WORDS MAKE YOU FEEL,
NOT WHAT THEY MEAN.
>> Kiyal: GUESS WE GOT OUR
ANSWER.
>> Kiyoh: YOU’RE THE SAME NAIVE,
PAMPERED PRINCESS AS ALWAYS.
>> Kiyal: WELL, I’D SAY THAT’S
WHAT MAKES NIA NIA.
>> Kiyoh: IT’S THE WOMAN’S TURN
THIS TIME.
DON’T TELL HIM IN WORDS.
TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL.
>> Simon: IT’S HUGE!
>> Rossiu: WELL, IT’S THE KAMINA
CITY MONUMENT, AFTER ALL.
>> Yoko: HE WOULD HAVE LIKED THE
OVERKILL OF IT.
>> Simon: YOKO.
WE CAN’T TALK YOU OUT OF GOING?
>> Yoko: NAH, I’M JUST NOT CUT
OUT FOR ALL THIS GOVERNMENT AND
POLITICS STUFF.
>> Rossiu: WAIT.
THAT’S NOT TRUE.
YOU’D DO FINE IF YOU SET YOUR
MIND TO IT!
>> Yoko: NO WAY.
YOU GUYS ARE WELCOME TO IT.
I’VE HAD ENOUGH.
SEE YOU.
OH, AND YOU BETTER KEEP
NIA SAFE...
SUPREME COMMANDER SIMON.
[gasps]
[sighs]
>> Simon: WELL, I GUESS THE
BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS ISN’T GOING
TO LET ME PROTECT HER.
[phone rings]
HMM?
HELLO?
OH, NIA.
>> Nia: UM, I THINK YOU AND I
ARE DIFFERENT PEOPLE,
VERY, VERY DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
BUT SINCE WE’RE THE SAME IN
BEING DIFFERENT, I THINK LIVING
TOGETHER WOULD WORK OUT.
AND THANK YOU.
I LOVE IT.
THE RING, I MEAN.
[phone beeps]
>> Simon: YES!
I DID IT!
BRO, I DID IT!
>> Rossiu: YOU SEEM AWFULLY
HAPPY.
COMMANDER, SIR.
>> Simon: OH, UH, ROSSIU,
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
>> Rossiu: THERE’S BEEN
AN ATTACK BY ANTI‐GOVERNMENT
GUERILLAS IN THE HENPEENA
SECTOR.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Rossiu: THE GRAPEARL SQUADRON
HAS ALREADY BEEN SCRAMBLED,
BUT YOU SHOULD SEE THIS.
[explosions]
>> Simon: VIRAL?
OKAY, I’LL TAKE GURREN LAGANN!
>> Rossiu: YOU CAN’T, SIR.
YOU ARE SUPREME COMMANDER OF
THE NEW GOVERNMENT.
IT IS NO LONGER YOUR JOB TO
VENTURE OUT INTO COMBAT.
>> Simon: LOOK, THAT’S VIRAL
OUT THERE.
IF I DON’T SETTLE THINGS
WITH HIM, HE’LL‐‐
>> Rossiu: PLEASE FOCUS ON DOING
YOUR OWN JOB, SUPREME COMMANDER
SIMON!
[explosion rumbles]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
[explosions rumble]
>> Viral: YOU CHEAP GURREN
LAGANN KNOCKOFFS ARE NO MATCH
FOR ME.
WHERE THE HELL IS SIMON?
>> Gimmy: THE SUPREME COMMANDER
ISN’T GONNA DIRTY HIS HANDS‐‐
>> Darry: GIMMY, BE CAREFUL!
>> Gimmy: YOUR SHOOTING’S
AS SHARP AS EVER!
THANKS FOR THE SAVE, DARRY!
BASTARD!
>> Viral: MY SHIELD
ISN’T HOLDING.
[rumbling]
YOU’RE SCREAMING, AREN’T YOU,
ENKIDUDU?
TRY FOR JUST A LITTLE LONGER!
YOU’RE DOWN FOR GOOD.
THANKS FOR PUTTING UP WITH MY
SELFISH DEMANDS ON YOU.
I’M VERY SORRY.
[metal clanking]
[electronic whirring]
>> Simon: VIRAL.
>> Viral: WHAT’S WITH THAT LOOK?
>> Simon: YOU ARE ONE
PERSISTENT GUY.
WHY DO YOU INSIST
ON OPPOSING US?
THE WAR’S BEEN OVER FOR
A LONG TIME NOW.
>> Viral: I DON’T WANT TO HEAR
THAT FROM THE MAN WHO’S TAKEN
OVER TEPPELIN’S THRONE.
>> Simon: WHAT’S THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?
>> Viral: LOOK OVER THERE.
I WAS TRYING TO PROTECT THEM.
>> Simon: YOU WERE‐‐
>> Viral: THAT’S RIGHT.
ALL THEY WANTED TO DO WAS
LIVE UNDERGROUND.
THERE ARE SOME HUMANS WHO FEEL
THAT WAY, YOU KNOW.
THEY BELIEVE IN THEIR HEARTS
THAT THEIR TRUE HOME
LIES UNDERGROUND.
THAT’S WHY I DECIDED TO HELP
THEM OUT.
EXCEPT FOR WHERE THEY’RE FORCED
TO LIVE...
AREN’T YOU DOING EXACTLY THE
SAME AS THE SPIRAL KING?
AREN’T YOU, SIMON?
>> Rossiu: CUT THE
JUSTIFICATION.
ANTI‐GOVERNMENT ACTIVITIES WILL
BE PUNISHED IN COURT.
YOU WILL HAVE YOUR SAY
AT YOUR TRIAL.
>> Viral: MY TRIAL?
WHAT’S THAT?
>> Rossiu: A NEW PIECE OF WISDOM
ACQUIRED BY HUMANITY.
GIMMY, TAKE HIM AWAY.
>> Simon: ROSSIU.
WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THIS?
DID I ISSUE ANY ORDERS TO FIND
AND DRAG TO THE SURFACE PEOPLE
WHO WANT TO LIVE UNDERGROUND?
>> Rossiu: YOU MUSTN’T RISE TO
VIRAL’S BAIT.
HE’S A HOLDOUT OF LORDGENOME’S
OLD ORDER.
>> Simon: SO THEN, IS EVERYTHING
HE SAID JUST NOW A LIE?
>> Rossiu: NO, IT’S THE TRUTH.
>> Simon: THEN WHY?
>> Rossiu: IT’S FOR POPULATION
VERIFICATION.
IF PEOPLE LIVE UNDERGROUND AND
OUT OF SIGHT, WE WON’T BE ABLE
TO MAINTAIN AN ACCURATE CENSUS
OF THE POPULATION.
THEY COULD BRING US OVER
ONE MILLION UNNOTICED.
IT’S THE GOVERNMENT’S
RESPONSIBILITY TO PREVENT THAT.
IF YOU’LL EXCUSE ME...
>> Simon: SO WHAT WOULD YOU DO
THEN, HUH?
IF YOU FOUND THE MILLIONTH
PERSON WALKING AROUND, WOULD YOU
GRAB HIM AND EXILE HIM
FROM THE PLANET?
THAT WOULD BE NO DIFFERENT THAN
WHAT WENT ON BACK IN ADAI
VILLAGE.
>> Rossiu: YOU UNDERSTAND
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.
[electronic beeping]
>> Guinble: SIR, WE’VE BEEN
CONTACTED BY THE SPIRAL POWER
RESEARCH INSTITUTE.
THEY WERE SUCCESSFUL IN
ACTIVATING THE BIOCOMPUTER.
>> Rossiu: GOOD!
>> Kinon: CONGRATULATIONS, SIR.
IT SEEMS THAT YOUR DREAM IS
FINALLY ABOUT TO COME TRUE.
>> Rossiu: YES, WITH THIS, WE
WILL BE ABLE TO LEARN THIS
WORLD’S SECRETS.
>> Guinble: COMMANDER SIMON, THE
COUNCIL, THE CITIZENS, THEY’VE
ALL GROWN WEAK AND COMPLACENT.
YOU ARE THE ONLY THING KEEPING
THE GOVERNMENT RUNNING, SIR.
>> Rossiu: IT’S NOT JUST ME.
THERE IS ALSO YOU, THE YOUNGER
GENERATION.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
>> Boota: BOO!
>> Simon: BOOTA!
>> Boota: BOOBOO!
>> Simon: YOU’RE THE ONE THING
THAT NEVER CHANGES AROUND HERE.
>> Boota: BOOBOO.
BOOBOBO BOOBOO!
BOO?
[phone rings]
>> Simon: HELLO?
WHAT?
KIYOH HAD HER BABY?
[crying]
>> Nia: THAT’S RIGHT!
IT’S A GIRL!
YEAH!
HER NAME IS ANNE.
DAYAKKA HAD BEEN GIVING IT SOME
THOUGHT FOR A WHILE.
[gasps]
THAT’S WONDERFUL.
[beeps]
>> Simon: I’LL STOP BY THE
HOSPITAL LATER.
>> Boota: BOO?
>> Simon: IT’S FINE.
[electronic whirring]
[rumbling]
[whirring and beeping]
[gasps and sighs]
[explosive boom]
[rumbling]
WHAT’S THAT?
I’M SORRY, NIA.
I’LL CALL YOU BACK LATER.
>> Nia: HELLO?
SIMON, SIMON?
[gasps]
HUH? WHA‐‐
[screams]
[techno music]
♪ ♪
[whirring]
>> Kiyal: NIA!
HUH?
NIA?
[alarms buzzing]
>> Rossiu: YOU DIDN’T DETECT THE
ENEMY’S APPROACH?
>> Cybela: IT SUDDENLY APPEARED
OVER THE CITY WITHOUT WARNING!
ALMOST AS IF IT TORE A HOLE
IN THE SKY!
>> Rossiu: GRAPEARL STATUS?
>> Gimmy: WE’RE ON IT.
>> Darry: WE’LL ENGAGE THE ENEMY
SHORTLY.
THERE’S NO FACE.
IT’S LIKE NOTHING I’VE
EVER SEEN.
>> Gimmy: SOME NEW GUERILLA
INSURGENT WEAPON?
>> Rossiu: RIGHT NOW, WE’RE
RUNNING A SEARCH ON THE ENEMY’S
MACHINE MODEL AND CONFIGURATION.
YOU’RE TO PREVENT THE CITY’S
DESTRUCTION AT ALL COST.
>> Gimmy: ROGER!
SCATTER ALL UNITS!
ATTACK FROM EVERY DIRECTION!
[gunfire]
IT ABSORBED THEM!
>> Darry: NO WAY.
>> Gimmy: IN THAT CASE...
GRAPEARL BLADE!
[rumbling]
[screams]
[moans]
[explosion rumbles]
>> Cybela: CONTACT LOST WITH
KORZA.
>> Rossiu: HANDGUNS AND BLADES
HAVE NO EFFECT AT ALL!
>> Kittan: ROSSIU, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
[gunfire]
[whirring]
[rumbling]
>> Darry: GIMMY!
>> Gimmy: I’M OKAY!
IT’S STILL WORKING!
BUT WE’RE DOWN TO JUST
THE TWO OF US.
>> Kittan: IT’S TOUGH.
>> Jorgun: ARGH, IF ONLY WE
STILL HAD OUR GUNMEN.
>> Balinbow: THAT THING WOULD BE
A BIG, STINKING PUSHOVER.
>> Guinble: GUNMEN ARE RELICS OF
THE SPIRAL KING.
THEY DIDN’T FIT IN WITH THE NEW
ERA, SO WE DISPOSED OF
ALL OF THEM.
>> Kinon: THE GRAPEARLS ARE
MASS‐PRODUCED COMBAT UNITS BASED
ON ALL OUR GURREN LAGANN
RESEARCH.
IF THE GRAPEARLS ARE NO MATCH
FOR IT, YOUR OLD GUNMEN COULDN’T
SO MUCH AS PUT A SCRATCH ON IT.
>> Kittan: KINON, YOUR, UM,
PERSONALITY’S DONE A 180.
[whirring]
>> Gimmy: DARRY, THAT’S INSANE!
>> Darry: IT’S NOT.
I CAN STILL FIGHT!
>> Gimmy: DARRY!
[whimpers]
>> Darry: GURREN LAGANN.
>> Kittan: WHAT TOOK YOU SO
LONG, SIMON?
>> Rossiu: COMMANDER, PLEASE,
IT’S NOT SAFE!
IT’S NOT YOUR JOB TO GO OUT AND
FIGHT ON THE FRONT LINES!
HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL
YOU THAT?
>> Simon: DUMB‐ASS!
PROTECTING THE CITY AND ALL
ITS CITIZENS, THAT IS
AND SHOULD ALWAYS BE
OUR NUMBER‐ONE JOB.
HAS ALL THIS PEACE MADE
YOU SOFT?
>> Rossiu: BUT, SIR‐‐
>> Simon: THIS IS THE ONE PLACE
I CAN BE ME.
>> Boota: BOOHEE!
>> Simon: LET’S GO,
YOU FACELESS BASTARD!
GIGA DRILL BREAK!
>> Rossiu: WHY MUST YOU KEEP
TAKING THE EASY WAY?
IS THAT MODEL ANALYSIS DONE YET?
>> Cybela: TEAM DAI‐GURREN
RESISTANCE, LORDGENOME ARMY
GUNMEN, NEW GOVERNMENT UNITS.
NO MATCHES IN ANY OF
OUR DATABASES!
>> Rossiu: THEN WHERE THE HELL
DID IT COME FROM?
COMMANDER, GIVE TOP PRIORITY
TO IDENTIFICATION!
>> Simon: DAMN.
>> Rossiu: IF POSSIBLE,
CAPTURE IT.
>> Simon: QUIT BUGGING ME!
LIKE I HAVE TIME FOR THAT.
>> Gimmy: SIMON!
>> Darry: HIS DRILL, IT’S
BUILDING UP ENERGY.
>> Simon: THIS IS IT!
I’M SICK OF YOU AND YOUR
LIGHT SHOW!
I’M TAKING THIS CRAPPY BEAM OF
YOURS AND SHOVING IT HARD
RIGHT DOWN YOUR THROAT!
[whirring and beeping]
>> Gimmy: AWESOME!
>> Darry: DID HE DO IT, GIMMY?
[explosions rumble]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: NO WAY!
>> Jorgun: THE CITY!
>> Rossiu: DISPATCH FIRE AND
RESCUE CREWS TO THE CITY!
KEEP THE FIRE DAMAGE
TO A MINIMUM!
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
>> Rossiu: HE DIDN’T KNOW WHAT
IT WAS, AND YET HE CHARGED IN
AND COUNTERATTACKED BLINDLY, AND
HE COMPLETELY DESTROYED IT!
"RASH" DOESN’T BEGIN TO DESCRIBE
THE SUPREME COMMANDER’S ACTIONS!
[static scratching]
[gasps and murmurs]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: IS THAT NIA?
>> Nia: ATTENTION,
HUMANS OF EARTH.
HEAR ME NOW.
WE THE ANTI‐SPIRAL RACES OF THE
UNIVERSE HAVE DETERMINED THAT
HUMANS HAVE ACHIEVED SPIRAL
POWER DANGER LEVEL TWO AND ARE
A MENACE.
WE HEREBY ACTIVATE THE HUMANITY
EXTERMINATION SYSTEM.
[man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: WHEN I WAS YOUNG,
I HAD A DREAM, A DREAM TO KNOW
EVERYTHING ABOUT THE WORLD.
WHEN THAT DREAM COMES TRUE,
SIMON, I WILL MAKE MY DECISION.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN.
"TELL ME THE SECRETS
OF THIS WORLD."